---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/muse-info/open-muses/dragon-age/ward-ingellvar/dossiers-and-verses/1-2-v-inquisition-s-ghost-ward/","tags":["verse","dragon-age","muse-ward"],"dg-note-properties":{"tags":["verse","dragon-age","muse-ward"],"aliases":["Verse - Inquisition's Ghost - Ward","Inquisition's Ghost"]}}
---

# Verse: Inquisition's Ghost 
- *Muse:* [[Muse Info/! Open Muses/Dragon Age/Ward Ingellvar/! Summary - Ward\|Ward Ingellvar]]
- *Fandom:* Dragon Age

---
# Applicable Dossier
*This verse applies to the following dossier:*
- [[Muse Info/! Open Muses/Dragon Age/Ward Ingellvar/Dossiers & Verses/1.2 D - Inquisition's Ghost - Ward\|Inquisition's Ghost]]

> [!summary]- Defaults to Inquisition timeline (9:40 - 9:44 Dragon).
> TBA 

# Availability 
- unplotted
- plotted

> [!tags]- Verse Tags
> - TBA

---
# Quick Summary 
## Quote

## Summary
When Solas is bound to the Veil, magic goes wild once it's faced with the spirit he had inadvertently bound to him with blood magic during his initial ritual to tear down the Veil. Ward is caught up in the wild magic, and wakes up back in their own quarters within Vorgoth's apartments in the Grand Necropolis — only it's a shockingly familiar moment in their past they wake to when they find their room coated in a thin layer of ice when their magic awakened triggered by the ripples in the Fade from the Breach opening in the south.

It is now 9:41 Dragon, Ward is inexplicably their twenty-something year old self's mind in their ten-year-old self's body, and Vorgoth is being as cryptic as always. Despite their unusual circumstances, they are likely the only one in the world who has even a *chance* of convincing Solas to change his plans, and so they are given the nigh impossible task of getting close to the Dread Wolf and try to convince him that *this world* is worth living in.

---
# Details
> [!stats]+ Apprentice Anew
> - *Ward is physically 10 years old with their magic newly awakened by the Breach, only they retain their memories of the future, including that of their true nature as a Spirit of Learning turned elf.*
> 
> As Rook, Ward was a powerful, highly skilled Mortalitasi and Death Caller necromancer of the Mourn Watch. They still possess all of the knowledge of the higher level skills, however they no longer possess the necessary mana to make use of much of this knowledge. Just as they no longer have the muscle memory for the physical aspects of their combat skills, much less the strength needed for much of them.

- **Ward is fully aware of their true nature** — they successfully unlocked all of Solas' memories, restoring the murals in the Lighthouse, which leads to them inadvertently restoring their own memories of life in the Fade. 
- 


---
# Timeline

