---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/muse-info/open-muses/dragon-age/ashina-tabris/dossiers-and-verses/0-1-d-dragon-age-ashina-tabris/","tags":["dossier","canontypical","dragon-age","muse-ashina"]}
---

# Dossier: Dragon Age - Ashina Tabris
-  *Muse:* [[Muse Info/! Open Muses/Dragon Age/Ashina Tabris/! Summary - Ashina Tabris\|Ashina de Riva née Tabris]]
- *Fandom:* Dragon Age
> [!summary]- Defaults to Veilguard era timeline (9:45 - 9:54 Dragon)
> TBA 

# Applicable Verses & AUs
*This dossier applies to the following verse(s) and/or AUs:*
- [[Muse Info/! Open Muses/Dragon Age/Ashina Tabris/Dossiers & Verses/0.1 V - VerseAU - Ashina Tabris\|Dragon Age]] 
# Quick Summary
## Quote
"No, no. Let's not, and say we did."
## Summary 
**Ashina de Riva** is a Master Assassin of House de Riva of the Antivan Crows, likely serving as the Fifth Talon's Second, and is the Warden-Commander of Antiva. She specialises in contacts for entire noble households, methodically wiping out an entire family line and their house in a single evening.

While it is known among the Crows that she is also a Grey Warden, few outside of a handful of Talons and other high ranking Crows know that she is, in fact, the notorious Hero of Ferelden, widely known as "*Warden Tathas*", who joined the Antivan Crows in 9:33 Dragon to escape from Weisshaupt and the First Warden's orders that she be brought in for questioning regarding her surviving killing an archdemon.

# Basic Info 
## Biographical Data 
- *name:* Ashina de Riva
	- Ashina Tabris
- *nickname:* Ash
	- Snapdragon (*Varric Only*)
- *alias:* The Grey Raven (*Antivan Crows*)
	- The Dark Wolf of Denerim
	- Warden Tathas Adaia Arainai (*formerly*)
- *gender:* Female
- *pronouns:* She/Her/Herself
- *apparent age:* 45 +/- years (*9:51 Dragon*)
	- 44 +/- years (*9:50 Dragon*)
	- 39 +/- years (*9:45 Dragon*)
	- 34 +/- years (*9:40 Dragon*)
	- 29 +/- years (*9:35 Dragon*)
	- 24 +/- years (*9:30 Dragon*)
- *date of birth:* 9:06 Dragon
	- 30th of Harvestmere (*10th Month*)
## Personal Identity 
- *sexual orientation:* Biromantic Bisexual
	- *polyamory:* open to plotting
- *MBTI:* ISTJ-T
- *Enneagram:* 
## Physical Description
- *species:* Elf
- *race:* City Elf
- *ethnicity:* Antivan
- *additional ethnicities/cultures:* Ferelden
- *height:* 157 cm
	- 5 ft 1.81 in
- *body shape:* 
- *hair:* Black/Dark Brown
	- Dark Red Undertones/Highlights
	- Curly 
	- Shoulder Length
- *eyes:* Amber Brown 
- *complexion:* Brown Skin
	- Warm Orange-Red Undertones
	- Battle-Scarred
	- Tattooed
## Demographics 
- *planet of origin:* Thedas (*planet name unknown*)
- *place of birth:* Denerim Alienage - Ferelden 
- *homeworld:* Thedas (*planet name unknown*)
- *nationality:* Antivan
	- Ferelden (*formerly*)
- *home town:* Salle - Antiva
	- Denerim - Ferelden (*formerly*)
## Communication 
- *known languages:* Common Trade Tongue 
	- Antivan
	- Qunlat 
	- Elvhen [^1]
## Social Standing & Affiliations 
- *affiliated organizations:* Antivan Crows
	- House de Riva 
- *extended affiliations:* Grey Wardens (*defected*)
- *employer(s)/patron(s):* Antivan Crows
	- Fifth Talon of House de Riva
	- Viago de Riva - Fifth Talon
- *occupation(s):* Master Assassin 
	- Warden-Commander of Antiva
	- Warden-Commander of Ferelden (*formerly*)
	- *De Facto* Arlessa of Amaranthine (*formerly*)
- *title(s):* Fifth Talon's Second 
	- Warden-Commander of Antiva
	- Dark Wolf of Denerim
	- Warden-Commander of Ferelden (*formerly*)
	- *De Facto* Arlessa of Amaranthine (*formerly*)
	- Champion of Redcliffe (*formerly*)
## Spiritual Beliefs 
- *beliefs:* atheist 
- *patron deity:* n/a
- *pantheon:* n/a
## Relationship Status 
- *relationship status:* ***single*** (rp conditional)
- *shipping bias:* Zevran Arainai (*default if not romanced*)
	- Sten
	- Morrigan
	- Anders
	- Sigrun 
	- Viago de Riva 
	- Andarateia Cantori 
	- Lucanis Dellamorte 
## Origin Attributes 
- *class (primary):* Master Assassin (*Rogue*)
- *class (secondary):* Duelist (*Rogue*)
- *class (tertiary):* Shadow (*Rogue*)
- *class (additional support):* Bard (*Rogue*)
- *fighting style:* Dual Wield Blades
	- Archery 
	- Poisons
## Current Status
- *current moral alignment:* Chaotic Neutral 
- *current role(s):* Fifth Talon's Second 
	- Master Assassin of House de Riva 
	- Warden-Commander of Antiva
- *current location(s):* Treviso - Antiva
	- Salle - Antiva
- *current residence(s):* Cantori Diamond - Treviso - Antiva 
	- Casa de Riva - Treviso - Antiva 
	- Casa de Riva - Salle - Antiva
- *current vehicle(s):* n/a
- *current situation status:* 
- *current conditions:* Power of Blood (*Rogue*)
	- Blighted (*Warden Joining*)

---
# Background
## Birth & Early Childhood 
Ashina Tabris was born on the 30th of Harvestmere, 9:06 Dragon, to Cyrion Tabris and Adaia Tabris née Arainai, in the Alienage in Denerim, Ferelden.
## Childhood & Adolescence 
At the age of 17, Ashina witnessed the death of her mother at the hands of a group of humans while they were returning to the Alienage from the market. She had hid in the shadows, just as her mother had taught her, while Adaia was murdered, terrified of what they might do to *her*, should they find her.
## Adulthood 
For years since Adaia's death, Ashina has been allowed the time to grieve her mother's loss without the added pressure from her father to marry so she might finally be recognized as an adult by Alienage standards. 

By 9:30 Dragon, the *hahren* has finally convinced Cyrion that she's been allowed to delay long enough, and a marriage is arranged for her to Nelaros of Highever, a skilled blacksmith that Cyrion hopes will be a good match for his stubborn daughter.

### Fifth Blight (9:30 - 9:31 Dragon)
*TBA*

### Amaranthine Crisis (9:31 Dragon)
*TBA*

### Witch Hunt (9:33 Dragon)
*TBA*

### Talon Negotiations (9:33 Dragon)
*TBA*

### De Riva Fledgling (9:33 - 9:35 Dragon)
*TBA*

### House de Riva Crow (9:35 Dragon)
*TBA*

### Crow Mastery (9:36 - 9:37 Dragon)
*TBA*

### A Talon's Second (9:42 Dragon)
*TBA*

### Talon Troubles (9:45 Dragon)
*TBA*

### Antaam Invasion (9:50 Dragon)
*TBA*

## Future Outlook 
### Sixth & Final Blight (9:51 Dragon)
*TBA*


---
# Quotes & Catchphrases
- "I killed them like dogs, Shianni. Not just them. All the humans who hurt you." — *said to her cousin, Shianni, after freeing her and the other women stolen from the Alienage - 9:30 Dragon.*
- "Believe in whatever you like; absent creators or whimsical gods. Follow prophets or *ashkaati*, or omens in the earth and sky. You will find wisdom only if you seek it." — *quoting Sten's wisdom from their time traveling together during the Fifth Blight.*

# Trivia
- Ashina's first kills were the ones she made freeing herself after being kidnapped, and she killed *each and every guard and human noble* that she came across, leaving a river of blood trailing behind her as she fought to try to reach Shianni in time.

---
# Quick Guide To Interacting
## Things *You* Should Know
- **Ashina Tabris Is Dead** - Ashina completely stops going by her *actual* name of "***Ashina Tabris***" when she is no longer living within the Denerim Alienage — whether this is by being conscripted by the Grey Wardens, taken by the Antivan Crows, or whatever other fate she faces. Very few people who meet her after this ever learn her *true* family name, and many may never even learn her given name, if she introduces herself as "***Tathas Arainai***" instead.
- **Adaia Was An Antivan Crow** - Adaia was a Crow of House Arainai, who ran away from the Crows in 9:06 Dragon. She would eventually find herself in Denerim, where she married Cyrion and gave birth to Ashina on the 30th of Harvestmere. 
> [!info]- Questions of Paternity
> There were plenty of questions around the Alienage as to whether Cyrion was truly Ashina's father, given the timing, and how little she favors him, while being *very clearly* Antivan. 
>> [!spoiler]-
>> While still in Antiva, Adaia learned she was pregnant, and in House Arainai, a child born of a Crow *becomes* a Crow, and so Adaia flees to Ferelden in hopes of giving her child a chance and a *choice* of their own future. She was vocally against the Alienage tradition of only being recognized as an adult by marrying, fought to keep the *hahren* from trying to force Ashina to marry until she *wanted to*, and preferably for love.
>>
>> Even though she might not be his by blood, Ashina *is* Cyrion's daughter. She doesn't know who her biological father is, but it is most likely another elven Crow in House Arainai.

## Things Your Muse *Could* Know
- **Tathas Arainai, *Hero of Ferelden*** - Most people believe that the Hero of Ferelden's name is ***Tathas Arainai***. As time progresses, fewer remember she is an elf, said to be from Denerim, despite her Antivan name and appearance. Given the mixed feelings many people have regarding the hero's actions during the Fifth Blight, and a few months later in Amaranthine, she had became rather more notorious, at least among nobles, before she was said to have been killed by Antivan Crows in 9:33 Dragon.
- **Wanted By Weisshaupt** *(Wardens & Crows, mostly)* - "*Warden Tathas*" is wanted by Weisshaupt for "questioning" regarding her survival after killing the archdemon, successfully ending the Fifth Blight, and then her interactions with the Architect approximately six months later, who she permits to live so long as he leaves. The First Warden never *officially* rescinded the orders to bring her in, *alive*, after word of the Crows finishing their contracts against her began to spread.
## Things Your Muse Should *Not* Know
- **Secrets Untold** - Unless they traveled with her during the Fifth Blight, or they knew her from Amaranthine, they are unlikely to know that Ashina even *is* the Hero of Ferelden, as she leaves that life — and the name "*Tathas Arainai*" — behind when she join House de Riva in 9:33 Dragon. From that point forward, she is *only* known as ***Ashina de Riva***.


---
# Expanded Details

> [!TODO] To Be Added Later






---
# TV Tropes
- 


---
# Applicable Mods
- 




---
# Footnotes
[^1]: Learned from the trapped spirit in the Brecillian Forest during the Fifth Blight.
